Welcome back! We have another
important topic to explore.
Previously, you learned about
operating systems
and user interfaces.
You learned how operating
systems work and
how resources are
allocated in computers.
We also reviewed several
common operating systems.
You may already have a
favorite operating system.
It's common to hear that
people are fans of one
over another, but in
the security world,
Linux is commonly used.
In this section, you'll
be learning more about
the Linux operating
system and how
it's used in everyday
tasks in security.
First, you'll learn about
the architecture of Linux.
After this, we'll compare
the different distributions
of Linux that are available.
Lastly, you'll
explore the shell,
a key Linux component that
allows you to communicate
with the system.
I remember when I
first learned about
the Linux OS, and I'm
really happy to
explore it with you now.